								How to Read the Help Menu
The help menu contains a list of commands, followed by their syntax string, followed by a brief description of the command.
A syntax string can have multiple components:
- A component written in ALL CAPS must be written exactly as-is. For example, the clear command (syntax: "CLEAR") must be written as "clear" to work.
- A component within [square brackets] is optional. Omitting the argument will use a default value or cause some sort of alternate functionality.
- A component within (round brackets) is required. The command will not run without these arguments.
- "|" means "or" - for example, "VIEW (MAP | identifier | name)" means that the program will take either "view map" or "view" followed by a piece name or identifier,
but not just "view" (as the parameter is surrounded by rounded brackets).

									Commands

CLEAR
Clears the entire terminal. Takes no arguments.

EXIT
Exits Diplomat. Takes no arguments.

HELP [Command name]
If used without a parameter, will print a list of commands, their syntax strings, and a brief description of each.
If used with a parameter, will display command information for the command which matches the parameter.

ITERATE [Batches] [Batch size] [Nation]
If used without a parameter, will play 10 batches of 100 games each from the current map state.
If the first parameter is set, will play x batches of 100 games (where x is the first parameter).
If the second parameter is set, will play x batches of y games (where x is the first parameter and y is the second).
If used with the third parameter, will also return extra information for the nation selected with that parameter.
This command is the bulk of what the program was designed for.

LOAD (Map name)
Loads the map specified by the first parameter. Looks in the "data/maps" folder for "x.diplomap," where x is the first parameter.
Load must be used before running iterate.

VIEW (MAP | identifier | name)
If the first parameter is "map," will output information about the currently loaded map.
Otherwise, outputs information regarding the map component with either identifier or name "x," where x is the first parameter.